PHP	
	PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language.
	PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page. 
	PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data. 
	It has also evolved to include a command-line interface capability and can be used in standalone graphical applications.
	PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a standalone shell on almost every operating system and platform, free of charge.

Java
	Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. 
	It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform does not need to be recompiled to run on another. 
	Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode (class file) that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture. 
	Java is, as of 2014, one of the most popular programming languages in use, particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers.
	Java was originally developed by James Gosling at Sun Microsystems (which has since merged into Oracle Corporation) and released in 1995 as a core component of Sun Microsystems' Java platform. 
	The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities than either of them.
C#
	C♯ is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. 
	It was developed by Microsoft within its .
	.NET initiative and later approved as a standard by Ecma (ECMA-334) and ISO (ISO/IEC 23270:2006). 
	C♯ is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. 
	C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime.
	C♯ is intended to be a simple, modern, general-purpose, object-oriented programming language.

JavaScript
	JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.
	It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.
	It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.
	JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and has first-class functions. 
	Its syntax was influenced by C. JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, but the two languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. 
	The key design principles within JavaScript are taken from the Self and Scheme programming languages.
	It is a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional programming styles.

Objective-C
	Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language that adds Smalltalk-style messaging to the C programming language. 
	It is the main programming language used by Apple for the OS X and iOS operating systems and their respective APIs, Cocoa and Cocoa Touch.
	Originally developed in the early 1980s, it was selected as the main language used by NeXT for its NeXTSTEP operating system, from which OS X and iOS are derived.
	Generic Objective-C programs that do not use the Cocoa or Cocoa Touch libraries, or using parts that may be ported or reimplemented for other systems can also be compiled for any system supported by GCC or Clang.
Python
	Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.
	Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C.
	The language provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small and large scale.
	Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive standard library.
	Like other dynamic languages, Python is often used as a scripting language, but is also used in a wide range of non-scripting contexts. 
	Using third-party tools, such as Py2exe, or Pyinstaller, Python code can be packaged into standalone executable programs. 
	Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.
Ruby
	Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. 
	It was designed and developed in the mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.
	According to its authors, Ruby was influenced by Perl, Smalltalk, Eiffel, Ada, and Lisp.
	It supports multiple programming paradigms, including functional, object-oriented, and imperative. 
	It also has a dynamic type system and automatic memory management.